Your Majesty
free
Why is he here?
Please do so. What's your emergency?
Your Majesty
What Zhou Hengjing offered to His Majesty was not an elixir
It's a deadly poison
Fart as long as it's me from overseas sir
In the hands of Taoists
incidental income
Your Majesty, in human terms, please be healthy
How could it be poison?
Don't talk nonsense
Do you know what this medicine is?
The drug is called 53.
It gets really hot after taking it.
ascending qi and blood
Long-term use can be addictive
And then he dies of visceral failure.
You stubborn city is just nonsense
Doesn't seem like a lie
Can you tell the effect of the medicine?
How do you prove it?
As long as no one in the entire dynasty knows the formula
You are full of Hu Zong
Slander my loyalty to His Majesty
I know the recipe.
As long as Zhong Ru
Sulfur Message
White stone quartz is arranged in different proportions